Add: azurerm_mssql_server and azurerm_mssql_database (#36)
Energinet-DataHub/geh-terraform-modules: azure/mssql-server/README.md

# Azure Microsoft SQL Server

- [Resources Created](#resources-created)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Arguments and defaults](#arguments-and-defaults)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Outputs](#outputs)

## Resources Created

This module creates the following resources:

- [Azure Microsoft SQL Server](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/mssql_server)
- [Azure Microsoft SQL firewall rule](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/mssql_firewall_rule)

## Prerequisites

- Terraform version 1.0.6+

> - AzureRM provider version 2.70.0+

Reviewer: Should this maybe be the same as for the database module?

## Arguments and defaults

| Name | Type | Default | Required | Description |
|-|-|-|-|-|

> | `name` | `string` | | **Required** | The name of the Microsoft SQL Server. This needs to be globally unique within Azure. The final name of the resource will follow this syntax `sql-{var.name}-${var.environment_short}` and be in lowercase. |

Reviewer: This is not correct: `sql-{var.name}-${var.environment_short}`

| `project_name` | `string` | | **Required** | Name of the project this infrastructure is a part of. |
| `environment_short` | `string` | | **Required** | The short value name of your environment. |
| `environment_instance` | `string` | | **Required** |  The instance number of your environment. |

> | `resource_group_name` | `string` | | **Required** | The name of the resource group in which to create the Function App. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resource_group_name` | `string` | | **Required** | The name of the resource group in which to create the MS SQL Server. |
```

| Name | Type | Default | Required | Description |
|-|-|-|-|-|
| name | `string` | | **Required** | The name of the firewall rule. |
| start_ip_address | `string` | | **Required** | The starting IP address to allow through the firewall for this rule. |
| end_ip_address | `string` | | **Required** | The ending IP address to allow through the firewall for this rule. |

## Usage

```ruby
module "sql_server_example" { 
  source                        = "git::https://github.com/Energinet-DataHub/geh-terraform-modules.git//azure/sql-server?ref=5.4.0"

  name                          = "example-name"
  project_name                  = "example-project-name"
  environment_short             = "p"
  environment_instance          = "001"
  resource_group_name           = "example-resource-group-name"
  location                      = "westeurope"
  sql_version                   = "12.0"
  administrator_login           = "example-administrator-login"
  administrator_login_password  = "example-administrator-login-password"
  firewall_rules = [
    {
      name              = "example-rule-name"
      start_ip_address  = "0.0.0.0"
      end_ip_address    = "255.255.255.255"
    }

>   ]

Reviewer: Maybe we should not have this in our example, if developers typically copy/paste? I will circumvent our VNet stuff.

  tags                          = {}
}
```

Two tags is added by default

```ruby
locals {
  module_tags = {
    "ModuleVersion" = "5.4.0"

>     "ModuleId"      = "azure-sql-server"

Reviewer: ModuleId is not correct

  }
}
```

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|-|-|

> | `id` | The ID of the Function App. |

Reviewer: It's not a Function App

> | `name` | The name of the Function App. |

Reviewer: It's not a Function App
